README.md, before:

# <code style="color : orange">DevSecOps Projects List</code>

## 📌 <code style="color : purple">Overview</code>

This repository is designed to demonstrate DevSecOps best practices projects by automating, security and GitOps workflows using modern tooling.\
It incorporates security controls at every stage of the software development lifecycle (SDLC), ensuring secure and reliable deployments.

## 🧰 <code style="color : purple">Projects list</code>

1. Jenkins Blue-Green Deployment using Helm charts: [Jenkins Deployment](https://github.com/mjhfvi/GitOps_Jenkins_Deployment)
   - jenkins iac config include:
     <details><summary></a></summary>
        
     - Pre-Configure Pipeline Jobs.
     - Pre-Configure Jenkins Loggers, Credentials, Certificates, 'Jenkins Shared Library'.
     - Pre-installed Jenkins Plugins.
     </details>

2. Terraform Module for AWS iam Security Events Monitor in AWS: [AWS iam Security Events Monitor](https://github.com/mjhfvi/terraform-aws-iam-security-events-monitor)
   - modular code with multiple variables:
     <details><summary></a></summary>
        
     - security monitor for log events like **'create user'**, **' create access key'** and others.
     - send alerts in email or sms.
     </details>

3. Cluster Troubleshooting Helm Charts: [Helm Charts](https://github.com/mjhfvi/GitOps_Helm_Charts)
   - **Kali Linux** web access over HTTP chart for Kubernetes Security and Network Troubleshooting
   - **VSCode** web access over HTTP chart for Testing and Debugging
   - **Chromium browser** web access over HTTP chart for Testing and Debugging
   - **Terminal** web access over HTTP for Testing and Debugging

## 🛠️ <code style="color : purple">Tech Stack</code>

- **CI/CD**: Jenkins, Pipelines 
- **Infrastructure**: Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, AWS
- **Security**: Pre-commit, Trivy, Snyk, Checkov, SonarCube
- **Automation**: Python scripts, Bash scripts
- **Monitoring & Logging**: OpenSearch, Prometheus, Grafana

## 📧 <code style="color : purple">Contact</code>

For any questions or collaboration opportunities, reach out via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mjhfvi) or email at `Mjhfvi@Gmail.com`.

Commit message:

added nginx project to readme file

README.md, after:

# <code style="color : orange">DevSecOps Projects List</code>

## 📌 <code style="color : purple">Overview</code>

This repository is designed to demonstrate DevSecOps best practices projects by automating, security and GitOps workflows using modern tooling.\
It incorporates security controls at every stage of the software development lifecycle (SDLC), ensuring secure and reliable deployments.

## 🧰 <code style="color : purple">Projects list</code>

1. Jenkins Blue-Green Deployment using Helm charts: [Jenkins Deployment](https://github.com/mjhfvi/GitOps_Jenkins_Deployment)

   - jenkins iac config include:
     <details><summary></a></summary>

     - Pre-Configure Pipeline Jobs.
     - Pre-Configure Jenkins Loggers, Credentials, Certificates, 'Jenkins Shared Library'.
     - Pre-installed Jenkins Plugins.
     </details>

2. Terraform Module for AWS iam Security Events Monitor in AWS: [AWS iam Security Events Monitor](https://github.com/mjhfvi/terraform-aws-iam-security-events-monitor)

   - modular code with multiple variables:
     <details><summary></a></summary>

     - security monitor for log events like **'create user'**, **' create access key'** and others.
     - send alerts in email or sms.
     </details>

3. Cluster Troubleshooting Helm Charts: [Helm Charts](https://github.com/mjhfvi/GitOps_Helm_Charts)

   - **Kali Linux** web access over HTTP chart for Kubernetes Security and Network Troubleshooting
   - **VSCode** web access over HTTP chart for Testing and Debugging
   - **Chromium browser** web access over HTTP chart for Testing and Debugging
   - **Terminal** web access over HTTP for Testing and Debugging

4. Ngnix Windows Compiler in Docker: [Ngnix Docker Compiler](https://github.com/mjhfvi/GitOps_Ngnix_Docker_Compiler)
   - Nginx compiler in dockerfile for 'windows 64Bit Nano'
   - should be run in ci/cd with environment variables for the nginx version

## 🛠️ <code style="color : purple">Tech Stack</code>

- **CI/CD**: Jenkins, Pipelines
- **Infrastructure**: Kubernetes, Helm, Terraform, AWS
- **Security**: Pre-commit, Trivy, Snyk, Checkov, SonarCube
- **Automation**: Python scripts, Bash scripts
- **Monitoring & Logging**: OpenSearch, Prometheus, Grafana

## 📧 <code style="color : purple">Contact</code>

For any questions or collaboration opportunities, reach out via [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/mjhfvi) or email at `Mjhfvi@Gmail.com`.
